Group: 108

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 62%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Poor
FEEDBACK: NA

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: NA

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Your slides were mostly clear, but it would be good to have more images, especially in the methods section;

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: no notes - great !

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: clear and specific motivation for study; Great literature references for the creative/analytical variable, but it is very important that you cover both your independent variables: you need to provide justification for including attention check ins;

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Well done for providing your research questions; however, it is crucial to also specify the exact directional hypotheses (testable statements, not questions); these should include the interaction;

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good mention of between/within factors

8. Description of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: some slides great, others confusing or missing information; The second slide was unclear; it is very important to include inferential statistics (BFs) on the slides;

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: description of findings confusing and missing info? BF should be on the slides and the interpretation should be clearer (does this support the null or the alternative hypothesis? Is the support anecdotal, moderate etc?); you did a good job interpreting the interaction graph, but it is also crucial to include and interpret the BF there;

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: limitations focused on minor issues; Good suggestions with clear links to own experiment, but it would be good to also think about the bigger picture and links to the literature;

11. Response to questions
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good link between the interaction hypothesis and the results here

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: Make sure you have specific directional hypotheses and that you are clear on how they were tested

