Group: 109

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 58%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: NA

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: NA

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Very nice visuals!

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: mostly no notes, clear; Some members were very clear but others were reading off the notes for the majority of the presentation;

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good background research but would be good to have a more concrete link to the research question

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Well done for providing your directional hypotheses

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: unclear which was between-sub; well done for using images and explaining the phases of the experiment in detail; however, it is very important to make it clear which was the within and which was the between factor;

8. Description of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: It is good that you included the BFs and the power analysis here, but clear links to hypotheses were missing;

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: Poor
FEEDBACK: do not seem to understand results? BF should be interpreted clearly and be specific to your results: which one of your hypotheses does it relate to? Does this support the null or the alternative hypothesis? Is the support anecdotal, moderate etc?;

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: Patchy
FEEDBACK: very limited, would like more detail or explanation; Would be good to have more specific suggestions;

11. Response to questions
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Struggling to answer statistical questions but good answers to the other questions

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: Please make sure you understand how your analysis relates to your hypotheses and the interpretation of the Bayes factors

