Group: 301

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 68%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: On time

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Within the time limit

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Clear with a good amount of text

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Some good attempts to include eye contact

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good overview of the effects you are studying. You could elaborate a bit on theories for why these effects occur

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: You should include hypotheses for the main effects as well as the interaction. Also remember that the interaction is more than two main effects. If you want to predict an interaction, you need to explain the rationale for it, e.g., is there a theory that could support one?

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: The key details were present

8. Description of results
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Be cautious about explaining results before presenting Bayes Factors

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Try to compare your study to previous studies and consider whether there were factors that might have contributed to your effects

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good suggestion here - just elaborate on why it would make a difference and what predictions you would make.

11. Response to questions
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good attempt to answer the questions

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

