Group: 302

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 68%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: On time

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Within the time limit

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Could be more concise in places. A larger font is a good idea

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Mostly good attempts to make eye contact

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Good overview of the theory behind the production effect but merge similar points on your slides

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Try to elaborate more on the context effect and previous findings. Also outline your hypotheses for the main effects and consider whether or not you predict an interaction

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Most of the details were present and good illustration of what participants see

8. Description of results
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Present just a single Bayes Factor for the interaction, be clear that the main effects are inconclusive whereas the interaction provides evidence for the null hypotheses

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: Patchy
FEEDBACK: Be careful here - you can't draw conclusions based on the means alone. The Bayes Factors tell us if any differences provide evidence for your hypotheses and in this case they don’t.

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: It's a good idea to consider here whether there are any changes that you could make to the current study that might change the pattern of results that you got. Explain the predictions of any suggested studies.

11. Response to questions
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Thoughtful response to questions

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

