Group: 303

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 65%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: All given in on time, well done.

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Nearly 3 mins over

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Slides were very clearly laid out. The correct amount of text was often used in slides.

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Mostly clearly spoken by all. It was great to see people not read from cue cards. A few sections were too rushed.

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Background was explained clearly in most instances, although slightly too much content was in the introduction. The big picture overview was great at framing the research question.

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Hypotheses were explained clearly and some background information was given for each. The usefulness of the of the research questions was adequately addressed.

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: If including a written power analysis, it would have been nice to see the figures behind it. Slide layout here was less clean than the rest of the presentation. However, verbal explanation was excellent.

8. Description of results
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: The results were slightly rushed. It would have been nice to slow down this section because the actual content and verbal explanation was excellent again.

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Interpretation of results was solid on paper, however it would have been nice to have content that was not directly read from the slides. Some additional verbal content would have been beneficial. Some discussion of limitations, but it would have been nice to include some theoretical explanations. What could you do to combat task skipping?

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Some good explanations of stimuli limitations and future suggestions. But some additional limitations to mention (more based in theory) would have been key to mention. The best limitations are ones where there is a reason why they might change the pattern of results (i.e, not just lowering performance overall).

11. Response to questions
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Responses to questions based on results were comprehensive, and well explained. Responses to stimuli questions were also fantastic.

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

