Group: 305

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 68%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: On time

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Within the time limit

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Generally concise with a good amount of text

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good attempts of use eye contact

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: The effects are explained and referenced, could elaborate a bit on the theoretical background

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Frame your hypotheses as main effects and interactions. An interaction is not the same as a combined effect which could be additive. Try to elaborate on why an interaction might occur.  Is there some theory that would support that prediction?

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: The method was clearly presented

8. Description of results
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Clear presentation for the results but it can be useful to discuss the Bayes Factor and means together rather than discussing the means alone first

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: If you think sample size may be a reason for your findings, try to support with a power analysis. Try to compare your study to specific studies and say how any changes are likely to have contributed to the results you got. Could your limitations explain the pattern of results you got? If so, say how.

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good but explain how the changes are likely to effect the pattern of results and why

11. Response to questions
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good attempt to answer the questions

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

