Group: 307

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 62%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: All given in on time, well done.

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: 2 minutes over.

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Good material on slides but slightly too crammed in instances (see introduction slide). Some background images made it hard to see text (see Discussion)

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Mostly clearly spoken but all members used sheets to read off. It would have been great to have some free flowing speech.

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Really nice outline of the background research and the reasoning behind the research question.

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Explained well, but it often contained too much information which delved into methodology. Make sure to provide a rationale for your hypotheses.

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Nice to mention some limitations in this section. Generally explained well.

8. Description of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Statistics well presented, but some assumptions made of the listener. 'Condition' was not explicitly explained, and neither was the hypothesis.

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: The slide here was laid out poorly, but the explanation was interesting. Some great limitations are included here, and no results are simply taken at face value. Avoid drawing interpretations from anecdotal evidence.

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Some future steps are discussed, and the theory behind them was justified. It would have been nice to include an additional suggestion.

11. Response to questions
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Responses to questions were generally good, although some specificity was missing. The theory name to explain a question was missing. However, it was clear that all members contributed.

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

