Group: 308

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 68%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: On time

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Well done

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Mostly clear

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Clearly presented, well done

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Past research is described but rather than presenting a list of findings, try to integrate them and give the listener an overall picture of what the important findings are. If possible add some background on why the effects occur

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Be careful in how you frame your hypothesis for an interaction - it's not completely clear whether they are additive effects or whether they actually interact.

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Overall this is quite clear

8. Description of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Clear but make sure to include BFs for all of your hypotheses and avoid discussing differences where there is no evidence for an effect. Good observation on ceiling effects

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Careful thoughts on the reasons for the effects and the implications

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: This could be developed more. Try to include a number of suggestions for what could be done next and describe your predictions for both task difficulty and noise.

11. Response to questions
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good thought on how things might be different.

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

