Group: 309

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 68%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: On time

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: 8 mins

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Could be slightly less text in a couple of places but overall well done

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Spontaneous and clear with little reliance on memory aids, well done

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Good explanation of the effect and links to previous literature. Excellent understanding of the theoretical background.

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Try to frame your hypotheses in terms of main effects and interactions. Be clear whether the amplification by noise is an additional effect or interacts with task difficulty

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Generally good but could add a little more detail, e.g., how many probes were presented?

8. Description of results
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Clear presentation of the effects

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Try to consider comparisons between your study and studies where there was more MW with easy tasks, e.g., did the tasks differ? Try to link your findings back to the theory that you discussed at the outset.

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Consider how the limitations or future steps might change the pattern of results. Is there a study that might help you understand why you got more mind-wandering in the difficult condition when other studies show the opposite effect.

11. Response to questions
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good response to questions

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

