Group: 310

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 62%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: On time

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Patchy
FEEDBACK: Three and a half minutes over

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: A little too much text in places. Avoid including R output

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Mainly clear with some eye contact

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Good overview of the theoretical background. Remember to describe some relevant evidence as well.

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Try to frame your hypotheses in terms of main effects and / or interactions. Make sure that you have a rationale to support your main effects /  interactions

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Most details are present

8. Description of results
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Avoid presenting R output, but otherwise the relevant details are present

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Try to discuss your findings in terms of previous research and theory. e.g., why was there more MW during the hard task? Compare your studies to previous ones which show a different effect. Also try to link the findings to previous research.

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Consider how the limitations or future steps might change the pattern of results. Is there a study that might help you understand why you got more mind-wandering in the difficult condition which other studies show the opposite effect.

11. Response to questions
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Good attempts to answer the question

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

