Group: 311

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 62%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: NA

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: NA

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Your slides were overall clear. However this was a little inconsistent, with some slides having a little too much text. Try to keep points on a PowerPoint short and salient.

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: You all spoke clearly and appropriately.

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: You shared a nice introduction to the production effect (don’t forget citations), but you didn't include enough information around the introduction of distractors. You explained the paper on the  production effect well, but this needs to be a little more concise.

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: Patchy
FEEDBACK: You have a nice research question here, but you need some hypotheses. A directional statement predicting a specific outcome. For example, "those who say the word aloud will remember it better than those who read it silently".

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Your method was generally well explained. To improve, it needs to be a little more concise (for a presentation) and the use of figures, or perhaps even sounds might have been good.

8. Description of results
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: You included some very nice density plots and a nice interaction plot.

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: You seemed to understand your Bayes factors well, but you need to be consistent on your interpretation of them. To improve, you need to also interpret your results in the context of previous work. For example, did your results agree/disagree with what has been done already?

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: You hade some appropriate points here and had some logical limitations. To improve, you could make some more explicit links between your studies findings and the next steps. For example, you found anecdotal evidence in favour of your alternative hypothesis - is there anything  you could do to explore this more?

11. Response to questions
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: You had some good ideas, but need to rely on literature to support your ideas and direct your research. Keep in mind that the best limitations are ones where there is a reason why they might change the pattern of results (e.g., not just lowering performance overall).

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: You made some nice suggestions around the limitations of this type of work, but did you find anything with your research and if you did/didn't what next steps could you take to explore those findings further?

