Group: 315

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 62%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Slides were handed in on time, well done.

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Stayed on time (9 mins).

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Very clear slides for the most part. A few of them (i.e, methodology & interpretation) had too much information on them.

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Mostly clear speech throughout, but the majority of people read directly from phones/screens/cue cards. This led to a slightly more monotone delivery of content rather than free-flowing speech.

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: There are some good points mentioned here, but certain assertions are not backed up with a relevant citation. Introduction slightly delves into methodology too much. However, clarity of information was excellent.

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: When speaking on specific questions, too much information was given on methodology. It would have been more beneficial to highlight just the 2 specific questions, and the 2 hypotheses and why they were chosen.

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: The methodology was clearly explained and gave the reader enough knowledge of how a participant navigated through the experiment.

8. Description of results
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Results were mostly accurate, and explained well. It would have been beneficial to accurately delineate on slide 1 of results that the last section is the interaction.

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Nice to see some accurate limitations here and how to address them. Some more information on the actual explanation of the results (as a baseline) would have been beneficial.

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: It would have been nice to include some discussions that weren't immediately counteracted by the results of your study. Some theoretical background is needed for the discussion of future steps. However, this sction was presented well.

11. Response to questions
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Whilst more responses were good, there were instances where some notions were not thought of.

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

