Group: 316

PSYC520 / PSYC720: Group Presentation

Your group's presentation was marked independently by two markers, who then agreed the following scores and feedback. The overall mark for each group was calculated by taking the mean across the 12 scores below. The module leader took the set of overall marks, moderated them, and converted them to the grade you see below. This was done with reference to the generic marking criteria you can find in your Stage handbook. The mark awarded is for your group. Every member of the group who attended their group’s presentation gets this mark. Failure to attend results in a mark of zero.

These marks are provisional, and will remain so until confirmed by the Board of Examiners.

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS AUTO-GENERATED EMAIL, as replies will not be received. If you have questions about this feedback, ask your group leader in your next session.


OVERALL MARK: 62%

1. Slides given to workshop leader in good time
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Slides handed in on time, well done.

2. Presentation is of appropriate length
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: You stayed perfectly on time, well done.

3. Clarity of slides
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Slides were mostly clear, but sometimes contained too many bullet points/text.

4. Clarity of speech
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Very clearly spoken by all. Great to see 0 cue cards used throughout, with natural, free-flowing speech.

5. Big picture overview
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Some information was not explained in enough detail, but all content was explained clearly. For example, stating what Hole found rather than just saying that he found an effect.

6. Introducing the specific question and hypotheses
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Questions and hypotheses were clear, although slightly rushed. Some explanations on choice would have been beneficial.

7. Description of methodology
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: Methodology was explained clearly. Some detail was missing (e.g., specific statistics of power calculation, and specificity when stating participant group sizes).

8. Description of results
SCORE: Excellent
FEEDBACK: Results were explained very clearly. It was great to see the results spoken through with a graph.

9. Interpretation of results
SCORE: Good
FEEDBACK: A nice overview of the interpretation of results. However, some specificity in previous research (i.e., re-stating studies) should have been included.

10. Discussion of next steps
SCORE: OK
FEEDBACK: Some discussion of next steps needed some theoretical background to them (using citations). It would have been nice to see more complex suggestions here, but there was a decent overview of base limitations. The best limitations are ones where there is a reason why they might change the pattern of results (i.e, not just lowering performance overall).

11. Response to questions
SCORE: Patchy
FEEDBACK: Responses to questions should have been spread to each relevant person that knew the answer. Some answers were not definitive in the first instance, but after deliberation they became accurate.

12. Advice on next steps
FEEDBACK: NA

